Yep.
So let's solve a very.
Medium problem.
Although there are some legs in this, legs in this.
But I actually like this problem a lot.
So this will this is kind of a very basic problem in partitioning.
It is kinds of problems.
Let's read this.
Given an area partition the area into contiguous areas.
So this is important.
Now we have contiguous of areas.
That means if one partition finishes, the second partition starts, right.
So every element now has only two choices, not three.
I like the previous problem.
The choices are there.
They will be, but they have only two choices.
They have to be.
So not only one choice.
Sorry.
Yeah, that is, they have to be in the same area as the partisans.
No other choice.
Yeah.
So he'd say, Is this a marriage of land that most key?
Basically the politicians are use is now defining the politicians.
I should be at most key after partitioning it.
So very.
Has their values changed to become the maximum value of the somebody?
So if I'm making a partition or whatever the maximum value of that partition, that is the new value
now.
And each value will change in that partition, whatever the whatever the values are there, that will
change the maximum value of that partition.
Eight And now what we will do is we are a larger sum of the given that after partitioning.
They?
This is a very easy problem, though.
It's not that if you think about the approach that I shared with you, there is think about starting
from first and think about making partitions and you made a partition.
Ask for the rest of the area.
It now make partitions like eight and the only condition here is to make a partition is that gates equals
four, three or three, that the length of that partition should be equal.
Look, for example, in the first input what we have, we have gaikwad for three.
That means.
If I start from the first or I can have at most a brilliant summary and three land partition or two
land partition or one land partition.
I cannot have fallen partition.
So if I have trillion so this is the best answer of 15, then nine and then ten ending eight.
The partitions are one, two, seven, nine alone and two two, ten, eight.
So what's the sum of the whole array?
It is nothing related for.
Similarly for the next city, we have to partition it such a way that we get the maximum sum.
So I hope you understood the problem.
And it has a very it is a very pretty deep problem.
I would just suggest you that don't watch this video and just move ahead.
Like solve this problem yourself.
Okay.
So what we will say will start from the API Gamma.
Unity or do we need.
Okay.
Yeah, let's see.
We don't need care in this state.
We just need DPA.
That means it is a voluntary solution.
Right.
So what I want is to be able just tell me what's the answer for the added?
That aside from Index II, the answer was obvious.
A relative answer for suffix Eddie.
It starts from.
And what I'll do is.
I'll just.
Nothing much, right?
So if I'm starting from index, I.
I'll just run a loop.
And then we'll start from and go till I bless.
Minus one.
Eight five because the partisan can be Ed Muskie.
It's I'm saying the DPA means start a partisan, get on my own and tell me what's the best answer about
the whole.
I just run a loop.
That is a day loop which will go its start from.
I and God labels.
Labels when I simply say that BPA is nothing but is equal to a maximum of whatever BP plus one gets
because not just man of their partition rate.
So I have this partition from my do.
So if the partition is from, I do the next partition start from J plus one.
That means don't give me the best answer for the remaining area of the parties and start from the placement
less.
When I'm running the loop, I'll just keep that.
I just keep a value of the maximum element when I'm starting from ideology, right?
And whatever is the maximum element, I just simply multiply.
It didn't do the the number of elements that have already taken, which is J minus A-minus.
Late Autumn.
Yeah.
Do anything Wednesday and we'll get the maximum on all of them.
So it's just making them partisan, asking the answer for the remaining area and for this partition.
Just calculating my own answers.
Nothing that of.
8 minutes of.
It's Gordon in the next part, or let's call it in this part only.
It's a pretty easy problem.
Well, let me very quickly go to.
Have a solution.
And we'll just this out.
Make some.
Auditioning for this.
I just need a vector.
It's liberating because we have to run a case.
Let me copy this.
Right religious policy and just Basque equal to three.
So it will do nothing, but it will definitely be of something.
And in the deep, what I have is.
I have.
I because that's the.
Stated, I have and what values do I need?
I need this at a.
Make me copy it.
Let's copy them.
But.
Although I don't need this guy, what I can do is, you know, even I don't need this area.
I can just initialize them globally over there.
Let's just keep them.
We want more memories on the basis of them because they won't change.
So these are the three things that I need.
So what I'll do is I will start from zero.
It is as it is and it is as it as it ain't.
And finally, it's my answer.
So let's initially answer is zero.
Do the error have negative numbers?
No.
Only possible answer is zero.
It start from j will start from the equals two way because one partition can be the third number on
it.
Eight J will go tell other it is.
It will be less than added size because it can cannot be any partition greater than that.
Right.
Or let's take minimum of.
This or the second condition.
That means the parties in that land can at most we get eight.
So it will be less than, let's say, j.
A-plus e.
Eight so that's what they will go and do they didn't me the end of the partition that I had started
answering zero let me take maximum value to be equal to you know so whenever I move forward I just see
this update the max eight.
I'll tell you there's nothing written maxim of this and edit it whatever the maximum value I just included
into my.
And.
So if I made this party to do my duty, what is the total sum of the maximal way to?
Basically, there's a max value that is in this partition that is stored in this particular variable
and that max value will be included in my some how many number of times between you and I.
So I'll simply say Max.
In two day minus eight plus one.
Correct.
And because the tail end of the mobile isn't right now.
And now the second thing is, if I made this partition, this is the cost.
This is the sum that I'm getting.
Just tell me what's the best answer from DPD place when this bus, Eddie.
And is this bus key?
Well, there's only one variable that's changing, which is I that is the states of A.P., not that
heavy.
So it had an answer.
And when I reached the end.
That means.
Sorry.
And I reached the end of it.
I just simply written zero.
I'm bewildered.
Okay.
Moment.
Union de Gaulle men.
Okay.
Maybe it is saying it because.
Dave Buster's.
Because this is a different return type and this is important, right?
Could you finally what?
I lose.
Okay, I'm not.
See out over here.
And in this case, what I will do is.
Mr. Bass, kiss my bed.
Either.
It's either ten zero eight or as you can see, we have it before and we'll simply memorize it.
Let's memorize it very quickly.
Read and read more Dart Beaks.
And in that space, I'm a minus X plus minus one do.
And I simply say if.
Memo I will is not equal to minus one written he else.
We'll just return.
The Spirit.
I think that works and thank you, Aaron for watching.
Will move on to some very good next problems.
Thanks.